Dear Colleagues,

We are writing to you from the west coast, Galway, where we are organising the Sixth Insight Student Conference—ISC2020 (studentconference2020.insight-centre.org) which will take place on February 12, 2020. 

Held by students for students, ISC is an occasion for all Insight students across the country to not only meet other students and share their latest progress with them, but also review a scientific paper as a program committee (PC) member. 

In this edition, our goal is to make sure that the event is ideal for networking and pleasant for everybody to know about what other researchers are doing. To be more environment-friendly, we would also like avoiding printing posters. That's why, we are going to have parallel sessions where each student has 10 minutes to present a few slides or a poster on a monitor and get feedback from the audience. 

IMPORTANT DATES (all at 23:59 WET):
 
Expression of interest: November 30, 2019
Submission of abstracts: December 30, 2019
Paper assignment for review: January 5, 2020
Submission of reviews: January 25, 2020
Notification of abstract acceptance: January 27, 2020
Final abstract/Poster/Slides submission: February 3, 2020

Please note that it will not be possible to extend the dates.

PROCEDURE
Students have two tasks in the conference: submitting an abstract and reviewing at least another one. Previously, there were difficulties in efficiently assigning papers to reviewers. Someone's paper could end up being reviewed by his or her colleague in the same unit in the same office!

To make the review process more efficient, we would like to ask you to express your interests by November 30, 2019. All what you need to do is to log into your EasyChair account, enter as an author at https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=isc20191 and fill out the form. The keywords that you will provide will allow the scientific group to assign papers efficiently based on your expertise. Therefore, please provide the keywords carefully, both generically and specifically. Later, you can simply update your submission by uploading your abstract.

The rest of the procedure is as usual to the conferences. Abstracts and reviews should be submitted by December 30th and January 25th, respectively, according to the templates provided.

ORGANISATION

Based on the experience of the previous organizers, the conference takes so much time and effort (we can already confirm it). That's why, we have divided the organizational tasks in three teams: 

Organising team: Sina Ahmadi, Bianca Pereira
Scientific team: Thiago Oliveira, Rajdeep Sarkar, Koustava Goswami, Piyush Yadav, Safina Showkat Ara, Ajay Nair
Local team: Heike Vornhagen, Mona Isazad, Alex Acquier, Jefkine Kafunah

Please find more about the conference at http://studentconference2020.insight-centre.org/
 
QUESTIONS AND FURTHER INFORMATION
student-conference@insight-centre.org